Rendering slot collections returns the array of slots (#1008)
github/view_component: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## main

> * Rendering slot collections returns the array of slots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setting a collection slot with the plural setter (`component.items(array)` for `renders_many :items`)  returns the array of slots.
```
